Can't sleep
Think again
I should find you alone
Princess, don't be angry.
Be careful you're pissed off
Don't persuade me
Hey, Consort
The princess knows that you have gone to the Red Dust Pavilion again
Consort, you have to be careful
Why did you know as soon as you came out?
Are you sending someone to follow me?
Li Xian
Qin Feiyang
Do you still have my wife in your heart?
Where is that woman better than me?
Why do you keep going to him?
Messi has some things he can't tell you yet
Wait until I finish investigating.
Can I tell you again?
Consort, I think you should come from the truth
Be careful princess, run to the emperor and sue the jade
You girl
You don't help me say a word
I'm not mean to you on my own.
Hey Shinichi Feiyang
You tell me the truth
Do you like that Liu Shishi?
If you don't make it clear today
You are not allowed tonight
No, no, no
daily return
I am doing great things for the country and the people
Baden Tu
To say these endless words
Never mind.
I don't want to force you if you don't want to say it
just